hey guys it's me Jasmine and today's
video is going to be another highly
requested video that you guys have been
wanting ever since I filmed my what is
on my iPhone video and that is my iPhone
case collection and recently I have
gotten a lot of cases and these past two
months week I have accumulated a lot of
cases so we're just going to go through
them and actually I got a lot of them
from either my friend marina so shout
out to you if will be a great friend
thanks mom
oh I ordered some off of Em's that I
ordered like seven cases off of Amazon
for only $12 I think and I got another
three for my sister so it's like a
little bit less than twelve no so I
think it was like ten dollars before I
added her order it but that's such a
good deal
I honestly recommend you guys going to
Amazon online to find your cases not
really in stores because it's like ten
dollars for a case but you can get a
case like either better or the same
thing as that for like two dollars so
yeah let's just get started
okay so cases that I have ordered off of
Amazon are basically like tumblr 1001 so
these are my favorite that I ordered
this were like $1 to $2 so the one on my
case right now it looks like okay it
looks like this and this one is my
favorite it is so pretty it's a clear
case and it has like a henna design on
top of it and you can still see the gold
that's what I really want it is that you
can still see that I have a gold iPhone
so I like how you can see the gold in it
and it's really not a protective case
but it still is a stylish cute case
because that's what it's all about so
the next one I got is similar but this
one has a dreamcatcher on it and I was
highly disappointed with this because
this one's actually a sticker it's not
like imprinted in Italy
the other one this one is just like they
just place to stick around the clearcase
which I coulda did that but it was still
like a dollar or whatever but anyways
first of all they didn't even like
there's air bubbles in here like I don't
know if you can see that you can't
really tell but there's some air bubbles
in here and it's just like really
annoying it's not like that bad but it
was just it annoyed me a bit when I got
it so just I feel I should now be
careful what there's certain things on
Amazon that will not meet your
expectations so just don't have high
expectations on Amazon the last one is
also one of my favorites and this one
has elephants on it
I love these cases so much I was so glad
when I found these on Amazon I was just
like yes so these are my the these two
are my favorites and I highly
recommended why is Indiana calling me
hello
okay it's just a recorded on a.m. I hate
when that happens anyway so those are my
two favorite and then I also ordered
some puffs of Amazon oh the last thing I
learned out for Amazon it came in a
three pack and these are like some
silicone like clear but like coloured
cases this is what it looks like this
one's hot pink and I don't know it's
like you can still kind of see through
the phone like it looks kind of opaque
on camera but yeah you can you can tell
like you see you still see my hands
there right but like I really wanted
these just for a little bit protections
really once again none of these cases
are protection but this will help a
little bit more than the clear cases and
then I got a clear rubber white one
again and then a turquoise II greeny
teal sea green color so I got these
these were I think two dollars for a
three pack
moving on to when I first got my phone I
had another one but I don't know where
wet but literally I don't even know
where I got these but these are like so
cheap I'm never gonna wear these but
just thought I should show you them but
this one is I don't know where I got
these because I order them like so far
ahead from like actually getting my
phone but this one has pink and black
poke or pink with black polka dots and
this one's just like a basic like
plastic thing I don't think it's that
cute it's alright but it's there and
then I have a bumper and this is a black
and pink and I think you can like switch
it out or something I don't know no you
can't but it's just like this regular
bumper and then the last three that I
have started as videos kind of like
short but you guys wanted a and I really
didn't have that many cases but I still
want to share with you guys once I got
all of my cases I'm so I'm gonna like
add some more so let me know if you a
lot like updated one soon anyways last
three cases are from my friend Marino
like I said so the first one is from
Victoria's Secret pink and I had this on
for the longest it says about that life
has like sparkles and it's orange which
is my favorite color so I really like
this like the silicate silicone type
thing but I just say it like that you
could like slide this in your pocket it
was like difficult to put this in your
back pocket or whatever but it's still
cute and then I got two hard cases this
one is from Victoria Secret also and it
has like the space galaxy thing I
thought it was like really cute on my
phone the last one this was my first
case from her and this is a Hollister
his one I wore because my other cases
was disgusting so okay this is just a
Hollister blue and green and it looks
cute because blue and white looks real
really cute so like it was giving it was
cute so that was all my cases I hope you
enjoyed this video if you did please hit
the subscribe button I'm so close to two
hundred or two hundred thousand whoa I
will be there one day let's hope to
thousand subscribers so please hit the
subscribe button thumbs up this video
the video requests down below and get
excited for my next video peace love
happiness have a great day guys love you
all